Update SPN for unknown languages (#80)
ISDCF/registries-site: src/content/languages-spn.md

**Special Exception Note:** For CTTs where there are No Spoken Languages or No Subtitles, the proper DCNC code is `XX`. This code is only for usage within the CTT. The absence of the <`Language>` element where optional shall denote there is no spoken or written language.

> In the case where there is a Spoken Language or Subtitle that uses an undefined or unknown language, the DCNC code is `UND` and <`Language`> element's value is `und`"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case where there is a Spoken Language or Subtitle that uses an undefined or unknown language, the DCNC code is `UND` and `<Language>` element's value is `und`"
```

> In the case where there is a Spoken Language or Subtitles that uses an undefined or unknown language, the DCNC code is `UND` and <`Language`> element's value should be `und`"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case where there is a Spoken Language or Subtitle that uses an undefined or unknown language, the DCNC code is `UND` and <`Language`> element's value is `und`"
```
